Who may be closer to how his praenomen was actually pronounced?
What designated as 'The Younger Lady', which was found lying beside Queen Tiye in the alcove of KV35?
What is transliterated as nb-ḫprw-rꜥ, and, again, according to modern Egyptological convention is written Nebkheperure?
What was the most popular exhibition in the Museum's history?
Who was discovered by Carter almost completely intact?
What is possibly also the Nibhurrereya of the Amarna letters, and likely the 18th dynasty king Rathotis who?
What revealed that it was unlikely he had been killed in a chariot accident?
What is the world's best known pharaoh, it is largely because his tomb is among the best preserved, and his image and associated artifacts the most-exhibited?
Who stems from the fact that his reign was close to the apogee of Egypt as a world power and from his rejection of the radical religious innovations introduced by his predecessor and father?
Is it true that the last survivors included Lady Evelyn Herbert, Lord Carnarvon's daughter who was among the first people to enter the tomb after its discovery in November 1922, who lived for a further 57 years and died in 1980, and American archaeologist J.O?
Discuss about life in reference to Tutankhamun.
What read "Ankheperure mery-Neferkheperure" or; therefore, the mask was originally made for Nefertiti, Akhenaten's chief queen?
What which was crippling, it may not have been fatal?
What found that he was not killed by a blow to the head, as previously thought?
Who is not known, but she disappears from record and Ay's second wife Tey became Great Royal Wife?
What was most likely Sennedjem?
What was first shown in London at the British Museum from 30 March until 30 September 1972?
What was typically written Amen-tut-ankh, because of a scribal custom that placed a divine name at the beginning of a phrase to show appropriate reverence?
Is it false that the ban on the cult of Amun was lifted and traditional privileges were restored to its priesthood?
What was slight of build, and was roughly 180 cm tall?
