Who was almost extinct by the 17th century?
What was taking place in the later period of the Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt?
Discuss about classification in context of Egyptian language.
What is as unintelligible as the speech of a northern Egyptian to a southerner?
What is available at Glyphs and Grammars?
What was also the language of New Kingdom administration?
What is indicated by a set of affixal morphemes attached to the verb: the basic conjugation is sḏm.f "he hears?
What was spoken in ancient Egypt and was a branch of the Afro-Asiatic languages?
What was spoken from about 2000 BC for a further 700 years?
What was retained as a literary standard language, and in this usage survived until the Christianisation of Roman Egypt in the 4th century CE?
Is it true that in addition, because Egyptian is recorded over a full 2000 years, the Archaic and Late stages being separated by the amount of time that separates Old Latin from Modern Italian, significant phonetic changes must have occurred during that lengthy time frame?
What is known as Middle Egyptian, the vernacular of the Middle Kingdom of Egypt which remained the literary language of Egypt until the Roman period?
Who before it was recorded, the Afroasiatic family has so far been studied with an excessively Semito-centric approach?
What is the use of the Greek alphabet adapted for Egyptian phonology, first developed in the Ptolemaic period, and gradually replacing the use of the Demotic script in about the 4th to 5th centuries CE?
What is taken to have ended around the 14th century BC?
What is the name of the script derived from hieratic beginning in the 7th century BC?
Is it true that as the classical variant of Egyptian, Middle Egyptian is the best-documented variety of the language, and has attracted the most attention by far from Egyptology?
What is dated from the oldest known complete sentence, including a finite verb, found in the tomb of Seth-Peribsen?
Who is as follows?
What which is associated with various German Egyptological projects?
