Is it true that according to some scholars, that is not a development from a stage in Proto-Egyptian in which the third-last syllable could be stressed, which was lost as open posttonic syllables lost their vowels?
Who before it was recorded, the Afroasiatic family has so far been studied with an excessively Semito-centric approach?
Is it true that the name Egypt itself is not etymologically identical to that of the Copts, ultimately from the Late Egyptian name of Memphis, Hikuptah, a continuation of Middle Egyptian ḥwt-kȝ-ptḥ "home of the ka of Ptah?
What is the name of the script derived from hieratic beginning in the 7th century BC?
Describe classification in reference to Egyptian language.
Who is pronounced /iː/, w /uː?
What which is associated with various German Egyptological projects?
What was also the language of New Kingdom administration?
Who was almost extinct by the 17th century?
What is known as Middle Egyptian, the vernacular of the Middle Kingdom of Egypt which remained the literary language of Egypt until the Roman period?
What is as unintelligible as the speech of a northern Egyptian to a southerner?
What is represented by a large body of religious and secular literature, comprising such examples as the Story of Wenamun, the love poems of the Chester–Beatty I papyrus?
What is indicated by a set of affixal morphemes attached to the verb: the basic conjugation is sḏm.f "he hears?
What was spoken in ancient Egypt and was a branch of the Afro-Asiatic languages?
Who was written in Egyptian as twt-ꜥnḫ-ı͗mn?
What is taken to have ended around the 14th century BC?
What follows a stressed vowel; then, it is marked by doubling the vowel letter: Akhmimic ⳉⲟⲟⲡ /xoʔp/, Sahidic and Lycopolitan ϣⲟⲟⲡ šoʔp?
What is the use of the Greek alphabet adapted for Egyptian phonology, first developed in the Ptolemaic period, and gradually replacing the use of the Demotic script in about the 4th to 5th centuries CE?
Who is as follows?
What was retained as a literary standard language, and in this usage survived until the Christianisation of Roman Egypt in the 4th century CE?
