What is called Western Chalukyas to differentiate from the contemporaneous Eastern Chalukyas of Vengi?
Who was a Sanskrit work intended for all sections of society?
What was one of substantial literary activity in the native Kannada, and Sanskrit?
What calls it "Emperor of Temples" and relates that it was built by Mahadeva?
Who was mostly used in Western Chalukya inscriptions and epigraphs?
Is it true that the earliest record is dated 957, during the rule of Tailapa II when the Western Chalukyas were still a feudatory of the Rashtrakutas and Tailapa II governed from Tardavadi in present-day Bijapur district, Karnataka?
Discuss about administration in reference to Western Chalukya Empire.
Who was growing ambitious and clashed on several occasions with the Chalukyas and the other claimants over their empire?
Who is a eulogy of his patron King Satyashraya whom he compares to Bhima in valour and achievements and narrates the duel between Bhima and Duryodhana using clubs on the eighteenth day of the Mahabharata war?
What is well known for the ornate stepped wells which served as ritual bathing places, a few of which are well preserved in Lakkundi?
Who succeeded Tailapa II to the throne?
What was Gadyanaka weighting 96 grains?
Who was taken captive and later released bringing down the prestige of the Western Chalukyas?
What are standard authorities and their importance to the study of Kannada language is well acknowledged?
What was highly decentralised and feudatory clans such as the Alupas?
Who is the development of the lathe turned as basic building and sculptural material, a very popular idiom in later Hoysala temples?
Who was not only an able warrior but also a devout king as indicated by his numerous inscriptions that record grants made to scholars and centers of religion?
What is sometimes called the "Gadag style" after the number of ornate temples they built in the Tungabhadra River-Krishna River doab region of present-day Gadag district in Karnataka?
Is it true that ranna who was patronised by king Tailapa II and Satyashraya is not one among the "three gems of Kannada literature?
Who was calculated to be in the interest of the kingdom as they were viewed as persons detached from wealth and power and their knowledge was a useful tool to educate and teach ethical conduct and discipline in local communities?
