What was Pataliputra?
Who conquered the Kabul Valley and is theorized to have advanced into the trans-Indus to confront the Shungas?
What is also found in the M훮lavik훮gnimitram, a play by K훮lid훮sa which describes a battle between a squadron of Greek cavalrymen and Vasumitra?
Who is said to have burned down Buddhist monasteries, destroyed stupas, massacred Buddhist monks and put rewards on their heads, but some consider these stories as probable exaggerations?
What is much debate on the religious politics of the Shunga dynasty?
Is it true that the Shunga definitely had control of the central city of Ayodhya in northern central India, as is proved by the Dhanadeva-Ayodhya inscription?
What is known to have revived the supremacy of the Bramahnical religion and reestablished animal sacrifices that had been prohibited by Ashoka?
What is described as a convert to Buddhism in the Milindapanha?
What is thought to be an intermediary between the Maurya and the Kalinga Brahmi scripts?
Who ruled for 36 years and was succeeded by his son Agnimitra?
Who is unlikely, and it is more probable that the river mentioned in the text is the Sindh River or the Kali Sindh River in the Ganges Basin?
What also started to mint their own coins, thus affirming independence from the Indo-Greeks, although the style of their coins was often derived from that of the Indo-Greeks?
Describe buddhism in reference to Shunga Empire.
What is the hero of a famous drama by one of India's greatest playwrights?
What was then replaced by the subsequent Kanvas?
What was Pushyamitra Shunga?
Is it true that on the contrary, according to the Yavanarajya inscription, Mathura was probably under the control of Indo-Greeks from some time between 180 BCE and 100 BCE, and remained so as late as 70 BCE?
What was a variant of Brahmi script and was used to write Sanskrit?
What was an ancient Indian dynasty from Magadha that controlled areas of the central and eastern Indian subcontinent from around 187 to 78 BCE?
What was succeeded by son Agnimitra?
