 Who has been found at Bhirrana?
What was found at Kalibangan in India on the Hakra River?
Who is based on two calculations of charcoal samples, giving two dates of respectively 7570-7180 BCE?
What is different from the European cattle, and had been originally domesticated on the Indian subcontinent, probably in the Baluchistan region of Pakistan?
What is strong archeological and geographical evidence that neolithic farming spread from the Near East into north-west India, but there is also "good evidence for the local domestication of barley and the zebu cattle at Mehrgarh?
What is evidence of dry river beds overlapping with the Ghaggar River in India and Hakra channel in Pakistan?
Who was in Sindh, and the Rangpur culture was in Gujarat?
Who was fortified and continued to have contacts with the Persian Gulf region, but there was a general decrease of long-distance trade?
What is part of the Indus Valley Tradition, which also includes the pre-Harappan occupation of Mehrgarh?
Is it true that their smallest division, which is marked on an ivory scale found in Lothal in Gujarat, was approximately 1.704 mm, the smallest division ever recorded on a scale of the Bronze Age?
What is also named the Harappan civilisation after Harappa?
Who is a material culture which is contemporaneous with the early Harappan Ravi phase culture of the Indus Valley?
Is it true that the Indus Valley Civilisation mainly in the northwestern regions of South Asia, extending from what today is not northeast Afghanistan to Pakistan and northwest India?
What is represented by Rehman Dheri and Amri in Pakistan?
Who is described as "showing some continuity with mature Harappan pottery traditions?
What is greater continuity and overlap between Late Harappan and subsequent cultural phases at sites in Punjab?
Who is one of a breakdown of urban networks and an expansion of rural ones?
Discuss about discovery and history of excavation with regards to Indus Valley Civilisation.
What was an extensive maritime trade network operating between the Harappan and Mesopotamian civilisations as early as the middle Harappan Phase?
Who there was a continuous series of cultural developments, just as in most areas of the world?
