Discuss about concept and characteristics with regards to Charizard.
What series Charizard officially rejoined Ash's team while Ash was exploring the Unova region?
What is featured in printed adaptations such as Pokémon Adventures?
What was likely due to meeting Charla?
What is featured in the Pokémon anime series with the most recurring being from the main character Ash Ketchum?
What is playable as a stand-alone character in Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U?
Who is the first Pokémon to Mega Evolve in an anime?
Who is one of several Pokémon in Pokémon X and Y that is able to use the new Mega Evolution mechanic?
Is it true that in Pokémon Ranger, Charizard is a boss Pokémon who becomes attached to the player's character and assists him or her throughout the game?
Who was one of several different character choices conceived by Game Freak's character development team and finalized by Ken Sugimori for the first generation of Pocket Monsters games Red and Green?
Who is one Ash Ketchum has had since he was a Charmander abandoned by his former owner Damian?
What was given a Mega Evolution about one and a half years into the development of Pokémon X and Y. Charmander was added to the game in a significant role in order to allow players to experience Charizard's Mega Evolution?
What is eventually released from its possession only to be faced down by an Arbok?
Who is the version mascot of Pokémon Red and FireRed versions?
What after Ash battled a trainer with a Poliwrath and Charizard was frozen solid?
Is it true that in a poll conducted by IGN, it was voted as the "best Pokémon", where the staff commented about remembering being torn between choosing Blastoise and Charizard at the start of the game?
Who is Mega Evolved?
Who stated Charizard was expected to be popular with North American audiences because of their preference for strong?
Who is playable, under the command of the Pokémon Trainer?
What is part of the 10th Anniversary Box Set; in the Box Set's "10 Most Wanted Pokémon" countdown Charizard is listed as the third most wanted?
