Who is a helium-rich torus which is visible as an east-west band crossing the pulsar region?
What is estimated to be 4.6±1.8 M?
Is it true that in 1928, Edwin Hubble proposed associating the cloud to the star of 1054, an idea which remained controversial until the nature of supernovae was understood, and it was Nicholas Mayall who indicated that the star of 1054 was undoubtedly the supernova whose explosion produced the Crab Nebula?
What was the first since 1296?
What is predominantly produced by synchrotron radiation, which is radiation given off by the curving motion of electrons in a magnetic field?
What was independently rediscovered in 1758 by Charles Messier as he was observing a bright comet?
Is it true that at an apparent magnitude of 8.4, comparable to that of Saturn's moon Titan, it is not visible to the naked eye but can be made out using binoculars under favourable conditions?
What was then that Franco Pacini predicted the existence of the Crab Pulsar for the first time?
What was first identified in 1731 by John Bevis?
Who was created by a supernova dates to 1921?
Who is the focus of much attention among astronomers, its distance remains an open question, owing to uncertainties in every method used to estimate its distance?
What was that its distance from Earth is 2.0 ± 0.5 kpc?
Who was strong evidence that pulsars were formed by supernova explosions?
Who is that the combined mass of the nebula and the pulsar add up to considerably less than the predicted mass of the progenitor star, and the question of where the 'missing mass' is, remains unresolved?
What X-ray observations generally had quite low angular resolution, but when the Moon passes in front of the nebula?
Discuss about crab pulsar in reference to Crab Nebula.
What is that a substantial proportion of the mass of the progenitor was carried away before the supernova explosion in a fast stellar wind, a phenomenon commonly seen in Wolf-Rayet stars?
What is enormous, and it powers the emission of the synchrotron radiation of the Crab Nebula, which has a total luminosity about 75,000 times greater than that of the Sun?
What was identified as such in 1942?
What is in searching in vain for the comet that Charles Messier found the Crab nebula?
