Who was built by the United States space agency NASA?
What was then carried out in multiple tethered spacewalks over a period of four to five days?
Who is named after the astronomer Edwin Hubble, and is one of NASA's Great Observatories?
Who was discovered by the Hubble Space Telescope in February 2006?
What is centered on the production of news and photo releases that highlight interesting Hubble results and images?
Who is composed of amateur and professional astronomers, as well as people with backgrounds outside astronomy, and emphasizes the aesthetic nature of Hubble images?
Is it true that there is no direct replacement to Hubble as an ultraviolet and visible light space telescope, because near-term space telescopes do not duplicate Hubble's wavelength coverage, instead concentrating on the farther infrared bands?
Who is now on permanent display at the National Air and Space Museum?
Who was to obtain funding for the instrument, which would be far more costly than any Earth-based telescope?
What proceeded somewhat more smoothly than the construction of the OTA, Lockheed still experienced some budget and schedule slippage?
Who provided a measured value with an accuracy of ±10%, which is consistent with other more accurate measurements made since Hubble's launch using other techniques?
Who is primarily an infrared instrument, its coverage extends down to 600?
What was the HSP, designed and built at the University of Wisconsin–Madison?
What was a boon for NASA?
Comment on conception  design and aim with regards to Hubble Space Telescope.
What is a so-called continuous viewing zone, at roughly 90° to the plane of Hubble's orbit?
What is the upcoming Frontier Fields program?
Who is in the Dornier museum?
Who was dropped, and budgetary concerns also prompted collaboration with the European Space Agency?
Is it true that except for the ACS's High Resolution Channel which could not be repaired and was disabled, the work accomplished during SM4 rendered the telescope fully functional, and it remains so as of 2017?
