What was found to be approximately consistent with a black body spectrum in all directions; this spectrum has been redshifted by the expansion of the universe, and today corresponds to?
What is not identical to the Doppler redshift?
Who is based on special relativity, which does not consider the expansion of space?
What is popularly reported that Hoyle?
Who had already shown that this was expected, given the cosmological principle?
What is far more lumpy and contains far less deuterium than can be accounted for without dark matter?
Who proposed that the inferred recession of the nebulae was due to the expansion of the universe?
Discuss about overview with regards to Big Bang.
What was Lemaître's Big Bang theory?
What proved the Copernican principle, that, on a cosmological scale, the Earth is not in a central position?
What is that any small departure from the critical density grows with time, and yet the universe today remains very close to flat?
What is understood through the Doppler redshift?
What was enhanced by the fact that the originator of the Big Bang theory, Georges Lemaître?
What was raised in the late 1970s?
Who is now in good agreement with other estimates using the ages of the oldest stars, both as measured by applying the theory of stellar evolution to globular clusters and through radiometric dating of individual Population II stars?
Is it true that uniform cooling of the CMB over billions of years is explainable only if the universe is experiencing a metric expansion, and excludes the possibility that we are near the unique center of an explosion?
What is undergoing metric expansion is shown by direct observational evidence of the Cosmological principle and the Copernican principle?
Is it true that still, it is not known that the equations are not applicable before the time when the universe cooled down to the Planck temperature, and this conclusion depends on various assumptions, of which some could never be experimentally verified?
What was once divided between supporters of two different theories, the Big Bang and the Steady State theory?
What was predicted from general relativity by Alexander Friedmann in 1922 and Georges Lemaître in 1927?
