Who is a resinous mixture collected by honey bees from tree buds, sap flows or other botanical sources, which is used as a sealant for unwanted open spaces in the hive?
Who is collected by foraging worker bees as a source of water and carbohydrates in the form of sucrose?
What was included in A. dorsata as a subspecies based on the biological species concept?
Comment on origin  systematics and distribution with regards to Honey bee.
What is recognized in the subgenus Megapis?
Who is Flowing in All Directions?
What or when nectar is limited, foragers will collect water from streams or ponds to meet the needs of the hive?
What is called the "Beehive State", the state emblem is the beehive, the state insect is the honey bee, and a beehive and the word "industry" appear on both the state flag and seal?
Who is the complex substance made when bees ingest nectar, process it, and store the substance into honey combs?
Is it true that they are expelled from the hive during the winter months when the hive's primary focus is not warmth and food conservation?
What was revived as a symbol of government by Emperor Napoleon I of France?
Who is in Apis nigrocincta?
What was separated into the western group of East Africa and the eastern group of tropical Asia by desertification in the Middle East and adjacent regions?
What is any member of the genus Apis?
What is probably the product of a largely Early Pleistocene radiation aided by climate and habitat changes during the last ice age?
Who is the only natural protein source for honey bees?
What is the most prevalent B vitamin found in royal jelly and concentrations vary throughout the foraging season with lowest concentrations found in May and highest concentrations found in July and August?
Who dance on the upper surface of the comb, which is horizontal, and worker bees orient the dance in the actual compass direction of the resource to which they are recruiting?
Who is clearly a distinct species; it probably derives from the first colonization of the island by cave-nesting honey bees?
Is it true that propolis is not also used in wood finishes, and gives a Stradivarius violin its unique red color?
